Update documentation and expose room property (#8471)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/conversation.md

| `guestList`             | string  | v1    | v2      | **Removed**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `avatarUrl`             | string  | v4    |         | Avatar URL of the conversation including a version flag `v=…` for easier expiration of the avatar in case a moderator updates it, since the avatar endpoint should be cached for 24 hours.                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `callStartTime`         | int     | v4    |         | Call start time                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
> | `callRecording`         | int     | v4    |         | Call recording status                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `callStartTime`         | int     | v4    |         | Timestamp when the call was started (only available with `recording-v1` capability)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `callRecording`         | int     | v4    |         | Type of call recording (see [Constants - Call recording status](constants.md#call-recording-status)) (only available with `recording-v1` capability)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```
